= prosto_cache

This library provides a simple way to cache model and to access this cache in some canonical way.
Any changes to the model's objects will automatically result in cache reload.
Cache reload in other ruby processes of same app will be triggered as well, but with some delay (currently up to 60 seconds).
If delay in cache reloading is not an option, well, this simply library will not work for you, and you have to use something fancier, like Memcached.

Usage:
1. add ProstoCache mixin to your model
  class YourModel < ActiveRecord::Base
    include ProstoCache
2. Configure cache access keys (optional step, by default cache is accessed by key 'name')
  cache_accessor_keys %w(scope name)
3. Your model must have non-nullable column updated_at, add it in migration if it is missing (this field is used for invalidating cache in other ruby processes).
4. Access cached model object in your code like this
* Simple case of one key

    YourModel.cache[:key1]
* Case of 2 or more keys where it is known ahead of time that all parent keys exist. Looks conventional, but is unreliable because brackets operation on nill will raise an error.

    YourModel.cache[:key1][:key2][:key3]
* Case of 2 or more keys where any key may not be present in cache, and expected answer is nil. Looks so-so, but is much more reliable then previos use case.

    YourModel.cache[[:key1, :key2, :key3]]

== Contributing to prosto_cache

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Olek Poplavsky. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

